Docs: Add source code links to OpenVINO Samples (#11803)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: samples/cpp/model_creation_sample/README.md

# Model Creation C++ Sample {#openvino_inference_engine_samples_model_creation_sample_README}

> This sample demonstrates how to execute an synchronous inference using [model](../../../docs/OV_Runtime_UG/model_representation.md) built on the fly which uses weights from LeNet classification model, which is known to work well on digit classification tasks. The source code for this example is also available [on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/samples/cpp/model_creation_sample).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to execute synchronous inference using [a model](../../../docs/OV_Runtime_UG/model_representation.md) built on the fly that uses weights from the LeNet classification model, which is known to work well on digit classification tasks. Source code for this example is also available [on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/samples/cpp/model_creation_sample).
```
